fixing links (#2343)
RedisGraph/RedisGraph: docs/docs/design/client_spec.md

## Reference clients

> All the logic described in this document has been implemented in most of the clients listed in [Client Libraries](/docs/stack/graph/clients/#currently-available-libraries). Among these, `redisgraph-py` and `JRedisGraph` are currently the most sophisticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the logic described in this document has been implemented in most of the clients listed in [Client Libraries](clients/#currently-available-libraries). Among these, `node-redis`, `redis-py` and `jedis` are currently the most sophisticated.
```
